Change Privacy Help
-----------------------------------

/CHANGE PRIVACY <0 - 2>

    Privacy settins are 0 (public), 1 (private/password), 2 (private/whitelist), 3 (forum)

    0 (Open to the Public) - Anyone can enter the room and take a public seat. Private
                             and speaker seats are not available.

    1 (Private/Password)   - You must have a password or be on the whitelist to enter
                             and you take up a private seat.  Public and speaker seats
                             are not available.

    2 (Private/Whitelist)  - You must be on the white list to enter.  Public and speaker 
                             seats are not available.

    3 (Private/Forum)      - This mode is set automatically when speaker seats are assigned
                             by the /CHANGE SEATS command.

                             Entering the room without a password puts you into a public
                             seat.  Entering with a password puts you into a private seat.
                             Entering without a password but being on the white list puts
                             you into a speaker's seat.  When seats are filled, nobody can
                             enter the room for that seat type unless the admin expands the
                             available seats.

                             While set at level 3, people can still talk publicly.

    4 (Forum active)       - When a forum is active, nobody can talk except the speakers
                             and the system does not announce room activity.  During this
                             time, anyone can send private messages to anyone who is not
                             in a speaker seat.
   
Notes on Future Direction
                             People in public seats can only receive messages.  People in
                             private seats can submit questions to the Q&A board.  Speakers
                             can speak to everyone.  Admin and moderators can always speak
                             no matter what privacy level is set.

                             A Q&A system would need to be thought out and set up.

                             Non-registered people might be allowed into a forum room.

End of Privacy help.
